== README

This projects is a simple online ordering apps for a coffee shop.
The demos project at https://vaksipranata.herokuapp.com 

== Web app features 

  * UML refer to Admin and current_user.
  * You can order coffees or many menus on this web.
  * Admin can see all order And sales total or omests total.
  * the order includes cart.
  * you can which size such us tall, grande or venti on your orders.
  * you can which condiments such us creamer, choco, or gels on your orders
  * Admin can CRUD menu, size, type, condiments

== System Requitments 

  * gem version => 2.5.1
  * Ruby version => 2.3.1
  * Rails version => 4.6.2
  * PostgreeSQL database

== Configuration
  * Pull this my repository
  * $ cd <project_repository> 
  * $ bundle install
 
== Database creation
  * $ bundle exec rake db:create
  * $ bundle exec rake db:migrate

== How to run the test suite
  * $ rails server  

==How testing web
 ## If your a current user
 * This web is not used auth because have simple web app.
 * you can order in the link https://vaksipranata.herokuapp.com/menus and which you pavorite menus and click a menu on the list.
 * if you after which, you must be have which size and type and click checkouts. 
 * All your orders can otomate to save on the session, you can look cart menu on header navbar.
 * you must be checout for finished transaction it.
 * in the cart you can add condiments such us cream or gely.
 
 ## If your a admin 
 
 * you can admin access this web, so check this endpoint link https://vaksipranata.herokuapp.com/admin
 
